now we unbox this guy a couple of weeks
ago the ThinkPad x1 carbon
ultrabook it's supposed to be rugged so
let's find out first up into my tiny
tiny freezer drawer here okay it's a my
ski now it's been 2 hours let's see how
our think pad is doing in the cold
that's cold ice cold that is cold that
is cold
crystallization obviously alright let's
see if it can turn on there we go look
at that this guy doesn't even need
thawing it's just comforting what a
champ actually this is pretty impressive
because if you remember the MacBook Air
didn't really want to wake up out of
sleep but this guy not a problem
our ThinkPad x1 carbon had no problem
with the cold let's see how it does with
the heat all right we have our oven at
200 degrees and we go
oh god this feels wrong okay one hour
off ago all right let's see how it's
doing cool smelling a little bit melty
very chemical this is probably off
gassing in a way that I don't want to
think about right now okay I am going to
assume it's very hot to the touch
oh it is let's just go ahead and let
this little cake rest for a while and
then we'll fire it up and see how it's
doing it looks like our pie is done here
it is cooled off enough to remove from
the pan definitely still warm to touch
on the bottom that kind of scary scary
chemical smell has not gone away that
probably just took two years off my life
just taken away for that we have a
little bit of warpage it looks like on
one of our covers here we have a little
leakage from one of our stickers other
than that no obvious damage let's see if
we can get it to come on so it didn't
wake up right from sleep oh you can see
we've got some warping here to the
screen is starting to separate from the
cover and I can snap it back in a little
bit so we definitely have cracking
coming away from the lid on both corners
it did not shut down successfully in the
oven no surprise there let's start
Windows normally
okay on startup we're okay the screen
looks good
everything seems to be working as normal
battery life is about the same although
we definitely have a little bit of
obvious warping around the screen so try
not to leave this one in a car in a
really hot day I'm still going to call
it generally a success
now we do usually do water for our water
test but I realized that almost every
morning I stand here and I make my
coffee and I check my email and I look
at the news and you know that is really
just a disaster waiting to happen
oh it's just awful I can't believe I
just did that Oh hot coffee in the
keyboard I know you've all done this
well that's dramatic
I would like to note that the screen is
still on once again though this laptop
is just about too hot to Det I think I
need a new towel okay now as usual when
you spill the key is to try to get the
laptop into a position where you can let
all that water drip out for coffee in
this case
hello I gotta say doesn't seem to be
having any problem so far we'll check it
again in a little while here after I let
it dry a bit Beale just uh hang it
upside down that looks official now we
never even did a drop test on this
ThinkPad because frankly it was just to
who damaged at that point I did do a
little emergency surgery though to try
to open it up and dry it out that's
something you could try at home so
here's what it looks like
you
oh wow yeah they're little
like I wanna get my hair dryer up I let
it lay out like that on my counter for a
couple of days and now it's the moment
we've all been waiting for
did it recover let's find out I have it
plugged into the power and it kinda
comes on now I've plugged it in before
and every time I basically just get a
message that says you know like I'm not
okay try to start Windows let's see if
we can get it to restore the problem is
that the trackpad oh maybe this one will
work
oh come on the trackpad is no longer
responsive and neither is the keyboard
so it wants to come back to life but
these few components are just not
working right I think that's probably
fixable although all of that lid damage
was really pretty disappointing
well might be okay with a little love
and care money
you